Welcome back.
Now that you know how to create box plots of Plumley Let's test your new skills for exercise.
This lecture will go over the exercise file and the next lecture will go over the solutions.
Let's head over to that file.
All right.
So for the box plus exercise your objective is to make a data frame using the abalone that is set so
that's underneath the data folder and you're going to take two independent random samples of different
sizes from the Rings field so you can go ahead and print out that data frame to see what I'm saying.
But here's a big hint as far as how to do this what to copy and paste this thing and see the syntax
highlighting that basically using pede that random choice and then passing in your rings column from
that data frame then the number 10 and then replace equals false.
This will grab 10 random samples from this column D rings with no replacement so it's not going to end
up replacing values or picking them twice.
So you're going to do this twice to end up grabbing two batches of random samples then those two batches
you're going to make a box plot to essentially compare two samples taken from the same population.
So this is sometimes a nice way to see that samples do derive from the same population.
So you should see similar box plots.
They won't be exactly the same but they shouldn't be too different either.
So let's go in and see an example solution of what this may look like.
So here we can see two box plots since really just comparison of two samples taken from that same population
from that data set.
OK.
That's all there is to it.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A forms in the next lecture.
We'll go over an example solution.